13th March

Hey guys i've finally got my laptop sorted.
== Group Application

This is a group application created by Post Graduate students studying IT at the University of Aberdeen.

Attention! 

I was thinking we could use this readme file to leave each other messages about what we change or problems we run in to etc.

12th March
* Improved the Group_Apps_Spec file by re-writing some of the tests to shorten length and improve readability
* Improved the User_Pages_Spec file
* Removed and Added some tests to User_Spec.rb
* Updated logo
* Heroku app now 100% works even for siging up and signing in. 
* Improved readme to include history of additions

11th March
* Fixed some tests, 39 should pass now but need more

10th March

* Edited the home page back to original text, was causing a failing test!
* Users now have a feed when they sign into the home page
* Allowed users to delete their posts
* Fixed tests for Users and Posting
* Allowed admin users ability to delete other users
* Finished 30 tests, all should pass
* Users can now follow and unfollow other users
* Added some more tests (that fail obviously)

4th March

* Edited user sign in confirmations
* Improved layout
* Added tests
* Set up testing server to make testing quicker (About time!) run bundle exec spork

3rd March 

* Improved testing
* Improved layout 

28th February

* Allow users to sign in
* Allow users to edit their profiles
* Improved testing and added new tests

27th February 

* Began project
* Added home, help, contact and about us pages
* Changed layout
* Started testing
* Began pushing to Heroku

== Passing tests
 47 passing tests

== NOTE
We should probably decide on what our app actually does. I've completed all the parts to the tutorial so we should focus upon
filling the pages with actual content and images. There are still heaps of tests to do revolved around following/unfollowing users which I couldn't get working 
but we can delete them if necessary. 
